TT-7365 - Prevent reading k8s config while running snapshot tool (#569)
TykTechnologies/tyk-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-operator/tree/HEAD)

**Fixed**:

> - Prevent reading k8s config while using `operator snapshot` as a CLI command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent reading Kubernetes config while using `operator snapshot` as a CLI command (this means you don't need to have a running Kubernetes cluster when running `operator snapshot`).
```

**Fixed**:
- Fixed the error that happens while deleting non-existent Tyk APIs from k8s.

> - Prevent reading k8s config while using snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent reading k8s config while using `operator snapshot` as a CLI command.
```
